So how can we continue to be faithful
in spite of our human weaknesses?
Growing up I had, like,
absolutely no health problems at all.
And I loved playing basketball, and I enjoyed
my life in the congregation.
This was a kid who had
his whole life in front of him.
It was taken away in a moment.
In November of 2019, I was diagnosed
with a massive brain tumor.
I was saying, like: “Why me?
Did I do something wrong?”
I wanted to know why it had to happen now
at 16.
I’m close to 18
when I think is, like, the prime of my life.
The night before I was going to have surgery
was probably one of the scariest nights
of my life.
So I wanted to be able
to still do the things that I loved,
and I really just didn’t want my life to end.
The account of David
was one that was very prominent in my mind.
There were many times in his life
when he had to fight foes
that were very scary and life-threatening,
and this situation I was dealing with
was pretty scary and life-threatening,
but I knew Jehovah had my back.
We talked about getting
the brothers from HLC there to talk
and to back us up
with the alternatives on his card.
The doctor was impressed
when he asked Elijah if he had any questions,
and Elijah asked him a couple of questions
about the procedure
and then also brought up the blood issue.
This showed the doctor
that this was a young man
who had his own stand, his own convictions.
If Jehovah tells me that blood is sacred,
then I’m listening.
Elijah kept on reminding us
that even if he doesn’t wake up
on this surgery bed,
no matter what happens,
he’s still going to wake up,
whether it’s now
or in the future in Paradise.
They finally came out
only to tell us
that there was a complication.
Elijah fell into a coma,
and we were waiting on answers
that the doctors weren’t able to give us.
It was roughly close to five months
that he was in a coma.
However, Jehovah kept providing
the friends, the support.
We kept getting texts telling us
just how many friends
were praying for Elijah
and for all of us to get through this.
In the spring of 2020
is when I gradually began to wake up.
It’s way harder to move around as I used to
—super painful and hard.
I have ataxia as of right now
temporarily in my right hand,
so I’m not able to perform certain activities
as well as I would like to.
In my heart, I love basketball
and I wish I could participate,
but knowing I can’t because of something
I can’t control physically
is really hard on me.
Job was always
a great example in the Bible to me.
I view him in a totally different light now
because he was also hit with a medical issue,
but he managed to maintain his faith,
and Jehovah eventually blessed Job for that.
Since the coma,
Elijah’s zeal definitely hasn’t lessened.
If anything, it’s increased.
He gives a whole new meaning
to widening out,
because we want to be as zealous
and as busy in the ministry as he is.
Elijah has not accomplished any of this
in his own strength.
He very quickly will give credit to Jehovah
but also will give credit to his family
for the amount of support that he’s received
and give credit to the brothers and sisters
for the support he’s received
from them as well.
He’s been engaged in the field ministry,
and he’s been active
in doing whatever assignments we give him
within the congregation.
We were able to appoint him
as a ministerial servant.
He’s got all this support.
He knows that Jehovah is with him
and that in that sense
Jehovah truly is at his right hand.
I know that we have a hope
that Jehovah has given us for the future
of perfect life.
It gives me a goal and more of a motivation
to help everyone reach that goal
and get there.
There’s light at the end of the tunnel,
so I thank Jehovah for that so much.